Next let's take a look at how to modify templates in combers first thing when I close my door and I'm
going up in front of Rubicon and I'm going up and all these people live into my or modifying Diem's
a little more complex.
We need to copy that template that we want to modify from the team or from the Brillion in this case
we're going to modify our template from the blueing fairly Tangled Up in Blue Jeans racing and we're
going to establish a pro called better font awesome better fun.
Awesome.
We live.
Well they found awesome icons that are fun.
Awesome.
And you can see of the plug in breaking down when they install these
doing what I can activate.
So now that they plug in is install it we have available day icons from fun.
Awesome.
So that's open or A-train and I'm going up in blue jeans and you can see if we have cucumbers I'm going
up and comers and you will find these templates for them.
So everything that you see right here.
So for example it's open.
They shop.
So for example everything that you see here you see is in these files and for example if you went up
and these humko eat this is going to be the single.
So for example you will find that we have single Bruhl right here all the single brokes of these files.
Wintron that everything that you have right here so you can see for example we of different flavors.
We have one for the Mirror Mirror is going to be something like these going up and it's by and you can
see that we have the Q wrapper that got the body in the back so it's going to be D.S. right here.
They can close these surprise you can see we have these Brize that BHB and these will only bring the
price.
So it's going to be that these ration and we have the review rating everything is going to be here soon
to be the bottom section.
Then we carve out so the shared Wooten's the moment we haven't added they shared with us.
I'm going to show you how to have the shareable dancing.
So social networks going up could mean millions.
Then we come to God.
You can see that we have the friend fights for variations for variables simple and group and everything.
So what I want to make something simple.
You know I'm going to copy these simple and you can see on the top you can see that we have some description
and say simple broke to cut and you can see that we are also the instructions this template can be rewritten
by copying it way your theme will combers single broke at the and simple that BHP.
So let's do that and then up and Olympic and then diems and then my brilliant career back then I'm going
to create a new for this going to be called newcomer's.
You can see a common theme with commerce namely to create this single brother.
So let's create the single probe single broke something nice.
Then you have to cut
and raise it is going to be nice simple that be.
So for example you can copy these everything and then collapse these and then it's up and theme's gutter
and back will combers single broke at the and rescued whatever an accidental fire call simple that is
the based for example is make us smile.
This right here on going out and each one I from the the and RIDO
and you can see we can carry from the.
Maybe it is.
I think it's better safe from the team right from the team.
But you can see we have over ridden these now these simple that BHB that is located in the walk combers
fall there is not the template that is being applied at the moment.
So next we're going to scroll down the road and we come up with some types of meat.
And the first is cut because it's value.
And right here we have these glasses.
So I'm going to that class Fran fun.
Awesome.
Nicklaus's if a if a shopping cart so save these and reload and you can see we have got it right here.
We can me you can see it.
We have something like these as looking nice.
And for example I can make a combination I can bake these right here and you can see that we don't need
see before so we can copy and see the business that's Jasus and you can copy these glassing a lot cat
We'll done and I would not single cut them.
And then you can see the icons being printed in these before so we can use before right here.
And I'm going to have a Madigan right.
Then the pieces the same piece and reload and you can see I think that's a lot to me.
This is mother.
So now you can see that we have the at the top and we have the they like go we can change this Jasus
So we're writing templates is really powerful especially if we want to add or remove some content in
the markup.
In this case where it's submission the mail that we're using these techniques is going to be really
careful.
So in the next video we're going to take a look at the most powerful way of modifying a template you've
seen Hooke's.